Standing over there is a construction crane, looking like a giant spindly insect, and an assemblage of studs and rods, looking like an angular drab organ with clanging stiffen arteries and veins glitching out, people working in its matrix. This city is supposedly one of the most developed in the world, and, like any others I’ve flown to, it continues to try rising up and up. Uppertarian. The business of building bigger buildings doesn’t end. Will there ever be an end? It’s a game with no end. *How high can you reach.* That’s *how much can you own.* In this world, we can’t reach higher without owning more -- they tell me. The game’s played by people like him, behind me, inside. They erect these glossy towers, sticking it up and up against the dome of air. Or farther. I stare back at the opaque-blue expanse that masks the stars beyond. Whatever is driving these people, it’s limitless, no bound, none closer than the edge of the world, or of the whole universe. If they could build a mansion on Mars, they’d do it. If they could enslave pretty virgin aliens in another galaxy, they’d do it. The pleasures are never final. Desires return to them, and they call on whoever they find beneath them, whoever can be sent to yank the lever that puts in motion the right cogs that dish out all the treats. . . . . . . Their establishment grounds me. I’m sitting on one of their things. Heights don’t free me, because all heights are theirs. What’s below is up for grab or left for tromp by the above. Corrupt above, miserable below. I’m an exceptional miserable. I can be up here. And see what they see. Things appear small. People look like crushable ants, and ambulances sound like forgettable toys.