The woods were all white and gracile between the yellow flat floor and yellow thin canopy. Birch. Packed together like countless streaks of milk from earth, halted straight in space. Waiting for another winter. Harsh winters, usual. The trees are adapted to it. Their narrow shape helps to slough snow. In the cold, they toughen up, refusing to freeze. When the ground is frozen, the roots can’t absorb water, they have to make the most of what they have, keep their body water from leaving, so the leaves are thin. Fallen, the dead leaves don't easily decompose, because things there don’t metabolise fast. With less foliage turning into earth, the soil is shallow. So the roots too are shallow. The trees, good at surviving in the unkind place, are not deeply rooted in it. They don’t root for it like a true home. They can survive, whatever happens to the place. The cones welcome fires. They open up after a fire burns down the woods. In the clear, the seeds will disperse. Birch cones are good at restarting. Out of a devastation, or on a foreign land, they can have a new habitat. A new home.
I crossed the yard into the forest. The shedded leaves, all making a thick dry layer, brushed my toes. Sounded like little drained sniffles after a long cry. Crisp in the quiet air. I was the only one moving. Pacing through the slim trunks, along the margin bordering the grass yard on one side. On the other side, the woods extended as deep as I could see. A big range was part of the estate. And more was beyond. Could I have gone there? I imagined wolves. Which side was more dangerous, I couldn’t tell. What would’ve happened if I’d left, following all the track of trees? I wondered it a bit, looking at the white barks, their many lenticels sharp like scars, like lacerated by nasty winds.
The birches were by themselves. No undergrowth. Just the standing and the fallen. Among the fallen, a pair of connected leaves, I saw. Picked them up. The two leaves had grown from the same point on a branchlet, and were the same in size and shape, like twins, but one was more blotchy. With my fingers, I rolled the branchlet, the twins twirled.
As I stood still, total silence started piercing my ears, like I was in a vacuum. Then a beat. A heart. . . . . . . Mine.
I sat down. The dry litter chilled my legs. The broken-off branchlet in my hand, I placed it back to the ground, sticking it in like a mini tree, the twins flaring.
Turning my head around, I saw the house. It was way too big to be called a dacha. And too remote to be part of a normal colony. Thieves couldn't normally reach it, and normal people weren’t supposed to know its existence, so, unlike the dachniki in Rublyovka, he wouldn’t have to take the stuff back with him.
I was among the stuff. But not his. They took me back. Business.

