I’m remembering one. It was last year. The room was dim, I almost couldn't tell which side of noon I was on. I was by the window, on a chaise longue that looked like a seashell, asymmetrical with a curvy back on one side. One-sided like that day, on that upholstered seat, I felt like a cracked oyster, with my legs curled up, the skin of my knees reflecting the cloudlight from the panes. Through the glazed glass, through the thick velvet curtains, from the upper floor, across the yard, I saw wide the yellow and white wall of trees. We were in the middle of a forest. Deep into backwoods, away from roads. The nearest town was the one I spotted from the helicopter. So remote, no one else outside could’ve heard a drill demolition or pipe explosion in the house.
I'd sneaked out of the bed. Been on the chaise for a while. Dozed off a few times there, with my head laid on my arms folding my knees, facing the forest. At some point when my eyes were taking in the outside, the room felt stuffy, so I reached for the window's silver handle and, carefully, turned it open.
The draught wasn't cold. By each breath, the fresh air came into me, and took me out of the dozy. My body in the position started feeling stiff, I wanted to move.
I glanced into the room. Then at the door.
Decided, I uncurled myself, put my bare feet on the marble floor, then on the furry rug -- the bear was from the region, supposedly. Grabbed the charmeuse robe, toed into the fleecy thong sandals. Quietly as could, I filtered out of the double door.
The landing gallery was dimmer, the balustrade was all silouette, shone only from behind by the hall below, by the large glossy floor reflecting the outside not-sun, like a frozen sigh. Above it, at the level of my eyes, over the handrail, was a hanging mass of crystals, an unlit chandelier, glinting in the dark as I footed over to the staircase.
Making my way down the big stone-hard steps, I slipped into the robe. Crossed the empty hall, went out the big entrance door.
The porch/terrace, over its edge, cropping up was the back of the crew-cut head on the thick neck, swivelling at me. Walking over and stepping down the stoop/steps, I felt his eyes.
Landing on the grass, I gave him a regard. Having to explain myself, I said “Just taking a walk.”
His bottom steady, with flat-knuckled hands clasped below belly, the bodyguard turned his upper built and glanced at my wake to see if his boss was coming. I was going alone. He looked back down at me, like I was some little shucked mollusc on an ice, and gave me a little “go on” nod.
I went off round the side of the house toward the large backyard. The big man didn’t follow me. Didn’t also warn me about bears, or tell me to go not too far. Apparently they thought I wouldn’t run away. They were right.